now Joshua the son of nun sent out two
now Joshua the son of nun sent out two men from acacia Grove to spy secretly go
men from acacia Grove to spy secretly go
men from acacia Grove to spy secretly go view the land especially Jericho
so they went and came to the house of a
so they went and came to the house of a harlot named Rahab and lobster and it
harlot named Rahab and lobster and it
harlot named Rahab and lobster and it was told the king of Jericho behold
was told the king of Jericho behold
was told the king of Jericho behold men have come here tonight from the
men have come here tonight from the
men have come here tonight from the children of Israel to search out the
children of Israel to search out the
children of Israel to search out the country so the king of Jericho sent to
country so the king of Jericho sent to
country so the king of Jericho sent to Rhea bring out the men who have come to
Rhea bring out the men who have come to
Rhea bring out the men who have come to you who have entered your house for they
you who have entered your house for they
you who have entered your house for they have come to search out all the country
have come to search out all the country
have come to search out all the country then the woman took the two men and hid
then the woman took the two men and hid
then the woman took the two men and hid them yes the men came to me but I did
them yes the men came to me but I did
them yes the men came to me but I did not know where they were from and it
not know where they were from and it
not know where they were from and it happened as the gate was being shut when
happened as the gate was being shut when
happened as the gate was being shut when it was dark that the men went out where
it was dark that the men went out where
it was dark that the men went out where the men went I do not know pursue them
the men went I do not know pursue them
the men went I do not know pursue them quickly for you may overtake them but
quickly for you may overtake them but
quickly for you may overtake them but she had brought them up to the roof and
she had brought them up to the roof and
she had brought them up to the roof and hidden them with the stalks of flax
hidden them with the stalks of flax
hidden them with the stalks of flax which she had laid in order on the roof
which she had laid in order on the roof
which she had laid in order on the roof then the men pursued them by the road to
then the men pursued them by the road to
then the men pursued them by the road to the Jordan to the Fords and as soon as
the Jordan to the Fords and as soon as
the Jordan to the Fords and as soon as those who pursued them had gone out they
those who pursued them had gone out they
those who pursued them had gone out they shut the gate
shut the gate
shut the gate now before they lay down she came up to
now before they lay down she came up to
now before they lay down she came up to them on the roof and said to the men I
them on the roof and said to the men I
them on the roof and said to the men I know that the Lord has given you the
know that the Lord has given you the
know that the Lord has given you the land but the terror of you has fallen on
land but the terror of you has fallen on
land but the terror of you has fallen on it
it
it and that all the inhabitants of the land
and that all the inhabitants of the land
and that all the inhabitants of the land are faint-hearted because of you for we
are faint-hearted because of you for we
are faint-hearted because of you for we have heard how the Lord dried up the
have heard how the Lord dried up the
have heard how the Lord dried up the water of the Red Sea for you when you
water of the Red Sea for you when you
water of the Red Sea for you when you came out of Egypt and what you did to
came out of Egypt and what you did to
came out of Egypt and what you did to the two kings of the amorite who were on
the two kings of the amorite who were on
the two kings of the amorite who were on the other side of the Jordan Sion and
the other side of the Jordan Sion and
the other side of the Jordan Sion and Arg whom you are surely destroyed and as
Arg whom you are surely destroyed and as
Arg whom you are surely destroyed and as soon as we heard these things our hearts
soon as we heard these things our hearts
soon as we heard these things our hearts melted
melted
melted neither did there remain any more
neither did there remain any more
neither did there remain any more courage in anyone because of you for the
courage in anyone because of you for the
courage in anyone because of you for the Lord your God He is God in heaven above
Lord your God He is God in heaven above
Lord your God He is God in heaven above and on earth beneath now therefore I beg
and on earth beneath now therefore I beg
and on earth beneath now therefore I beg you
you
you swear to me by the Lord since I have
swear to me by the Lord since I have
swear to me by the Lord since I have shown you kindness that you also will
shown you kindness that you also will
shown you kindness that you also will show kindness to my father's house and
show kindness to my father's house and
show kindness to my father's house and give me a true token and speak my father
give me a true token and speak my father
give me a true token and speak my father my mother my brother my sisters
my mother my brother my sisters
my mother my brother my sisters [Music]
[Music]
[Music] and deliver our lips from death our
and deliver our lips from death our
and deliver our lips from death our lives for yours if none of you tell this
lives for yours if none of you tell this
lives for yours if none of you tell this business of ours and it shall be when
business of ours and it shall be when
business of ours and it shall be when the Lord has given us the land that we
the Lord has given us the land that we
the Lord has given us the land that we will deal kindly and truly with you
will deal kindly and truly with you
will deal kindly and truly with you [Music]
then she let them down by a rope through
then she let them down by a rope through the window for her house was on the city
the window for her house was on the city
the window for her house was on the city wall she dwelt on the wall and she said
wall she dwelt on the wall and she said
wall she dwelt on the wall and she said to them get to the mountain lest the
to them get to the mountain lest the
to them get to the mountain lest the pursuers meet you hide there three days
pursuers meet you hide there three days
pursuers meet you hide there three days until the pursuers have returned
until the pursuers have returned
until the pursuers have returned afterward
afterward
afterward you may go your way we will be blameless
you may go your way we will be blameless
you may go your way we will be blameless of this oath of yours which you have
of this oath of yours which you have
of this oath of yours which you have made a swear unless when we come into
made a swear unless when we come into
made a swear unless when we come into the land you bind this line of scarlet
the land you bind this line of scarlet
the land you bind this line of scarlet cord in the window through which you let
cord in the window through which you let
cord in the window through which you let us down and unless you bring your father
us down and unless you bring your father
us down and unless you bring your father your mother your brothers and all your
your mother your brothers and all your
your mother your brothers and all your father's household to your own home so
father's household to your own home so
father's household to your own home so it shall be that whoever goes outside
it shall be that whoever goes outside
it shall be that whoever goes outside the doors of your house into the street
the doors of your house into the street
the doors of your house into the street his blood shall be on his own head and
his blood shall be on his own head and
his blood shall be on his own head and we will be guiltless and whoever is with
we will be guiltless and whoever is with
we will be guiltless and whoever is with you in the house his blood shall be on
you in the house his blood shall be on
you in the house his blood shall be on our head if a hand is laid on him and if
our head if a hand is laid on him and if
our head if a hand is laid on him and if you tell this business of ours then we
you tell this business of ours then we
you tell this business of ours then we will be free from your oath which you
will be free from your oath which you
will be free from your oath which you made us where do your words
and she sent them away and they departed
and she sent them away and they departed and she bound the scarlet cord in the
and she bound the scarlet cord in the
and she bound the scarlet cord in the window they depart him I went to the
window they depart him I went to the
window they depart him I went to the mountain and stayed there three days
mountain and stayed there three days
mountain and stayed there three days until the pursuers returned the pursuers
until the pursuers returned the pursuers
until the pursuers returned the pursuers sawed them all along the way but did not
sawed them all along the way but did not
sawed them all along the way but did not find them so the two men returned
find them so the two men returned
find them so the two men returned descended from the mountain and crossed
descended from the mountain and crossed
descended from the mountain and crossed over and they came to Joshua the son of
over and they came to Joshua the son of
over and they came to Joshua the son of nun and told him all that had befallen
truly the Lord has delivered all the
truly the Lord has delivered all the land into our hands for indeed all the
land into our hands for indeed all the
land into our hands for indeed all the inhabitants of the country are
inhabitants of the country are
inhabitants of the country are faint-hearted because of us